Minus nine.
mmh
Minus one.
Yeah.
Oh, Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah.
Oh.
I wish they could have more Godzilla scenes destroys the town.
It was too short it was really nice but it was too short
I know.
mmh
True.
Yeah.
mmh
Oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah yeah.
Really?
Oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
Oh.
mmh
Yeah.
Does Godzilla bleed?
Yeah, yeah.
Did they bleed?
Yeah.
Oh, that's right, that's right, I remember. They checked it, they checked it well.
Yeah, and then they found out Godzilla is pregnant.
Yeah, it's a mama Godzilla.
Yeah.
How about Dad?
Godzilla was a Dad.
Yeah, because there's no Mama.
There's no mama at all.
Godzilla Minilla, Son of Godzilla.
That's his Dad, Yeah.
Yeah, that's right. That was more comedy Godzilla.
No, he didn't share. Yeah, He didn't share.
Yeah. Yeah, that's right.
Is that the one Godzilla flew?
Yeah, yeah, yeah hahahahahahaha
coz Godzilla never fly.
I thought there's new Godzilla, they're putting the wings.
So Godzilla can fly.
The new Godzilla they're making maybe
It's a rumor. But I think Toho doesn't want Godzilla to fly.
Yeah, The Director wants to put the wings.
but destroyer, he flew.
destroyer look good
No, it was from the space.
Yeah, Destroyer was...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh.
Space Godzillla and Destroyer is different?
Huh?
Space Godzilla is the one have that crystal on the shoulder? Oh.
It's really mean Godzilla huh? Mean... Oh.